1. You have successfully unbundled ARPACK and are now in the ARPACK
   directory that was created for you.

2. Upon executing the 'ls | more ' command you should see

      blas
      CMakeLists.txt
      documents
      examples
      lapack
      parpack
      README
      src
      util

   The following entries are directories:

      blas, documents, examples, lapack, src, util, parpack

   The directory "src" contains the top level routines including
   the highest level reverse communication interface routines

      ssaupd, dsaupd - symmetric single and double precision
      snaupd, dnaupd - non-symmetric single and double precision
      cnaupd, znaupd - complex non-symmetric single and double precision

   The headers of these routines contain full documentation of calling
   sequence and usage.  Additional information is in the DOCUMENTS directory.

   The directory "parpack" contains the Parallel ARPACK routines.

3. Example driver programs that illustrate all the computational modes,
   data types and precisions may be found in the EXAMPLES directory.
   Upon executing the 'ls examples | more ' command you should see

      band
      complex
      nonsym
      README
      simple
      svd
      sym

   Example programs for banded, complex, nonsymmetric, symmetric,
   and singular value decomposition may be found in the directories
   "band", "complex", "nonsym", "sym", "svd" respectively.  Look at
   the README file for further information.  To get started, get into
   the "simple" directory to see example programs that illustrate the
   use of ARPACK in the simplest modes of operation for the most commonly
   posed standard eigenvalue problems.

   Example programs for Parallel ARPACK may be found in the directory
   "parpack/examples". Look at the README file for further information.

4. Within "documents" directory there are three files

   ex-sym.txt
   ex-nonsym.txt
   ex-complex.txt

   for templates on how to invoke the computational modes of ARPACK.
   Also look in the README file for explanations concerning the
   other documents.

   Danny Sorensen   at  sorensen@caam.rice.edu
   Richard Lehoucq  at  rblehou@sandia.gov
   Chao Yang        at  cyang@lbl.gov
   Kristi Maschhoff at  kristyn@tera.com

 Good luck and enjoy.
